Rapid antigen tests for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) are effective tools for the diagnosis of acute infection, particularly when used serially. The percentage of rapid antigen tests with false positive results is reported to be less than 1%. However, we have observed persons who repeatedly test positive with rapid antigen tests despite concurrent negative molecular tests; this infrequent phenomenon occurs predominantly among women and persons with autoimmune disorders. Our report is based on two longitudinal cohort studies in which participants underwent serial, paired rapid antigen testing and reverse-transcriptase–polymerase-chain-reaction testing for SARS-CoV-2. Participants were considered to have a false positive result if they reported a positive rapid antigen test with a corresponding negative RT-PCR test of samples obtained within 48 hours of each other. All tests were performed with anterior nasal samples, and RT-PCR tests were performed with the Roche Cobas 6800 SARS-CoV-2 assay. False positive tests were classified as incidental false positives in participants with at least one negative rapid antigen test during the study period or persistent false positives in participants with at least 5 days of positive rapid antigen tests and no negative rapid antigen test during the study period. This finding has substantial clinical relevance. The persistent false positivity may be a result of cross-reactivity of test antibodies with rheumatoid factor and could potentially occur in any patient who has a condition characterized by circulating rheumatoid factor. Because testing for SARS-CoV-2 is commonly performed among symptomatic patients, false positive results may be unrecognized clinically. However, persons who encounter persistent positive tests after infection or in the absence of symptoms may find reassurance in the recognition of this uncommon but known phenomenon. We suggest that patients with persistent false positive results and a history of autoimmune disease with rheumatoid factor may benefit from repeat testing with a different brand of rapid antigen test. Finally, this report may help public health officials and health care providers to distinguish between cross-reactive false positivity and SARS-CoV-2 rebound. Participants with resolved persistent symptoms after Covid-19 had objectively measured cognitive function similar to that in participants with shorter-duration symptoms, although short-duration Covid-19 was still associated with small cognitive deficits after recovery. Longer-term persistence of cognitive deficits and any clinical implications remain uncertain. Poor memory and difficulty thinking or concentrating have been implicated in syndromes occurring after coronavirus disease 2019, a situation that has led to suggestions that Covid-19 may have lasting cognitive consequences. However, objective data on cognitive performance are largely lacking, and how long such deficits may persist and which cognitive functions are most vulnerable are unclear. In this observational study, our primary hypothesis was that there would be measurable cognitive deficits after Covid-19 that would scale with covariates of illness duration and severity. We secondarily speculated that objective impairments in executive and memory functions would be observable in persons with prolonged symptoms, especially poor memory or brain fog. In an analysis that matched vaccinated groups with unvaccinated groups with regard to demographic characteristics, number of preexisting conditions, and variant period, we observed a small cognitive advantage among participants who had received multiple vaccinations. An analysis that matched participants who had initially received two doses of the AstraZeneca vaccine to those who had received two doses of the Pfizer vaccine showed a negligible scaled difference in the global cognitive score. An analysis in which participants who had had multiple episodes of Covid-19 were matched to those who had had single episodes showed that participants who had had multiple episodes had a small cognitive disadvantage, but this result was attenuated in analyses in which the participants were additionally matched for variant period, illness duration, and hospitalization. A 36-year-old man was evaluated in the infectious diseases clinic of this hospital because of fevers. The patient had been in his usual state of health until 18 days before the current presentation, when he began to have a sensation of swelling in his throat. Three days later, the temporal temperature measured at home was 38.4°C. A home test for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) antigen was negative. The patient was evaluated in a local urgent care clinic, where he was told that there were white spots on his tonsils. Treatment with amoxicillin–clavulanic acid was started for a presumptive diagnosis of streptococcal pharyngitis. A throat culture was reportedly negative, but treatment with amoxicillin–clavulanic acid was continued. During the next 4 days, fevers persisted. In addition to fevers, the patient reported headaches. Two weeks before the onset of symptoms, he had traveled with his wife to the southwestern United States for 1 week. During the trip, his wife had begun to have fever and sore throat. Her symptoms had resolved after several days, and she did not seek medical evaluation. The patient reported that he did not have throat pain, but rather that the lower part of his neck felt swollen and that moving his neck caused discomfort. Twelve months before the current presentation, the patient had new shortness of breath, cough, anorexia, and weight loss. During the subsequent 4 weeks, the symptoms progressively increased in severity. When the shortness of breath worsened to the extent that she was unable to walk, she sought evaluation at the clinic. The temporal temperature was 36.8°C, the blood pressure 104/64 mm Hg, and the pulse 87 beats per minute. During the subsequent 6 months, the patient took the antimycobacterial medications, and the shortness of breath and cough decreased but still persisted. Her weight decreased by 8 kg, even though the anorexia had resolved. Four months before the current presentation, new headaches and mouth ulcers developed, and the patient sought evaluation at the clinic. She described persistent shortness of breath and dry cough, as well as headaches on the right side and mouth ulcers. The review of systems was notable for fatigue and weakness during the past 12 months, as well as fever, night sweats, chest pain, mouth ulcers, and odynophagia. She had no ageusia, anosmia, vision changes, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, rash, or joint pain. Radiography of the chest had not been performed. The patient had not received vaccines for coronavirus disease 2019. During the early stages of the Covid-19 pandemic, reports emerged that persons who had been infected with SARS-CoV-2 were having lingering health problems. Such long-term issues were collectively referred to as long Covid and were reported to affect nearly every organ system. The cardinal features of long Covid include fatigue, dysautonomia, and cognitive difficulties that are colloquially referred to as brain fog. A recent analysis of the U.S. Current Population Survey showed that after the start of the Covid-19 pandemic, an additional one million U.S. residents of working age reported having more serious difficulty remembering, concentrating, or making decisions than at any time in the preceding 15 years. Whether these changes are attributable solely to long Covid is unclear, but that report represents a change in the cognitive health of U.S. residents from pre pandemic levels. Modest cognitive decline occurred with the original virus and with each viral variant. Participants with unresolved persistent symptoms had the equivalent of a 6-point loss in IQ, and those who had been admitted to the intensive care unit had the equivalent of a 9-point loss in IQ. Of importance, these deficits were associated with many of the other symptoms that have been reported by persons with long Covid. The greatest deficits in cognitive function were associated with the original strain of the virus. The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic produced in its wake millions of persons affected with long Covid, some of whom have had or are currently having cognitive challenges. A deeper understanding of the biology of cognitive dysfunction after SARS-CoV-2 infection and how best to prevent and treat it are critical for addressing the needs of affected persons and preserving the cognitive health of populations. A recent study published by a group of German researchers suggests that even people who don't notice signs of cognitive impairment can have problems with memory and attention after recovering from a mild case of COVID-19. The study involved 136 participants who were recruited from a website advertising the study as a brain game to see how well people could perform. The average age was around 30 years old. Nearly 40% of the participants had recovered from COVID that did not require hospitalization, while the rest had not had COVID. All participants reported having no problems with their memory or thinking. However, testing showed that performance on an attention task was not as good among the group that had COVID compared with those who did not. Likewise, participants who had COVID had significantly worse performance on a memory task. Both of these effects seem to improve over time, with the memory problem becoming better by six months and the impairment in attention no longer present at nine months. This study suggests that problems with memory and attention may occur not only in people who are sick enough with COVID to have been hospitalized and in those who develop long COVID, but also to some degree in most people who had COVID. These findings should be interpreted with caution, however. The study included mostly young patients recruited through a website, none had long COVID, and the participants' cognitive abilities before COVID were not known. Further research is needed to confirm whether attention and memory difficulties occur widely with COVID-19 infections — across all age groups and no matter how mild or severe the illness — and to consider other factors that might affect cognition. Better understanding of why some people have noticeable problems with attention and memory after having COVID and others do not may ultimately help guide care. Recovery in memory within six months and improvement in attention within nine months of COVID infection was seen in this study, suggesting that some cognitive impairments with COVD, even if widespread, are potentially reversible. For people with cognitive impairment or dementia, lockdown restrictions led to disruption in formal and informal support systems, having a major influence on patients’ daily lives. This loss of structure and support in daily life could imply a risk of faster cognitive decline in patients with cognitive impairment, especially in pre-dementia stages. In a substantial proportion of individuals with mild cognitive impairment. While individuals may be resilient to this accumulating pathology in structured situations, the loss of structure in combination with high levels of stress imposed by the COVID-19 pandemic and associated lockdown measures could tip patients over the edge, causing the underlying disease to manifest sooner. Previous survey studies show that both patients and caregivers reported worries for steeper cognitive decline during the COVID-19 pandemic. 